This is a general template for the dsPIC33 family of microcontrollers.  It's
purpose is to provide a project shell for users to get started designing their
own applications.  Final qualification and testing of this project is left to
the user.

ADVANCED USER TIP

From the main menu, refer to the Task list by going to Window > Tasks (Ctrl+6).
As long as the task window is not configured to filter out any tasks,
the getting started TODO list embedded in this project will be displayed.

Make sure the 'Show tasks for the main project and for the open projects which
depend on it' option is selected on the left hand side of the Tasks window so
that tasks related to other projects are not active.

HOW TO ADD YOUR OWN CODE TO A TEMPLATE

STEP 1

First install the appropriate C compiler if you have not done so already.

See www.microchip.com/compilers

Next, build this project by clicking the Clean and Build Icon (the hammer and
broom symbol) in the MPLAB X IDE Toolbar.  If this project builds, then you are
ready to make changes for your own application.  If the project does not build,
you need to troubleshoot why the project does not build before moving on.

STEP 2

Embed your device's configuration bits into the code.  Instructions for this
are commented in configuration_bits.c

STEP 3

Unless interrupts are not used in your application, add the interrupt vectors
you intend to use to interrupts.c.  Code stubs are provided in interrupts.c
which you may use an as example.  Make sure that you check the device
datasheet to confirm that the interrupt you are using is present in the device
selected, and check the device .h file for the most up to date list of
interrupt vector mnemonics.

Note that there are two interrupt stubs in interrupts.c.  One is for dsPIC33F,
and the other is for dsPIC33E.  There is no alternate interrupt vector table
for the dsPIC33E family.  

STEP 4

Define system parameters such as the system operating frequency in system.h.

Add system level functions to system.h and system.c.  For example, if
you want a function to determine the reset source of the device to know if you
need to backup data, do an oscillator switch, enter a low power mode, etc...
these types of functions may be added to system.c and prototypes can go in
system.h.

STEP 5

Add user level functions to user.h and user.c.  User level functions are
functions that initialize I/O, initialize user peripherals like the ADC,
compute user algorithms, perform calculations on sampled user data, and so on.
User function prototypes and macros may be placed in user.h, and user
functions themselves may go in user.c

STEP 6

Add code to main.c on the line that says <INSERT USER APPLICATION CODE HERE>.
For example, here you would call functions in user.c or system.c, or possibly
setup your own state machine or primary code loop.

Global variables may be added to main.c as well.  As a general practice, macros
and prototypes may go in header files, but variable declarations should not
go in .h files.  Variable declarations should be placed in .c files.

STEP 7

Design the rest of your application.  Add new files to the application, and
test the finished product.

STEP 8

Document what the project does and include other project information in
project_information.txt.

KNOWN ISSUES

For some dsPIC 'GS' devices, you may get a build error like this:

traps.c: In function '_DMACError':
traps.c:103: error: 'INTCON1BITS' has no member named 'DMACERR'
traps.c: In function '_AltDMACError':
traps.c:140: error: 'INTCON1BITS' has no member named 'DMACERR'
traps.c: At top level:
traps.c:157: warning: Invalid interrupt vector names for device '33FJ06GS101'
are:
        _DMACError
        _AltDMACError
        _DMACError
        _AltDMACError

The reason is that the __HAS_DMA__ macro is defined for these devices but it
should not be (at least in XC 1.10 and C30 3.31).  To fix the problem simply
delete the offending interrupts (they are not available anyway.

This issue is already logged and may be fixed in the future.  

Tracking # CAEDTISS-1011
